Add arb-editor reference to i18n docs (#9296)
flutter/website: src/ui/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization.md

[`MaterialApp.onGenerateTitle`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/material/MaterialApp/onGenerateTitle.html

### Placeholders, plurals, and selects

> {{site.alert.note}}
>   When using VS Code, the [arb-editor](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Google.arb-editor)
>   extension can help with editing `.arb` templates file through syntax
>   hightlighting, snippets, diagnostics, and quick fixes.
> {{site.alert.end}}

Reviewer: **issue:** This needs a blank line before it.
**suggestion:** Write as shorter sentences per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/accessibility#ease-of-reading).

```suggestion

{{site.alert.note}}
  When using VS Code, add the [arb-editor extension][].
  This extension adds syntax hightlighting, snippets, diagnostics, and quick fixes.
  to help edit `.arb` template files.
{{site.alert.end}}

[arb-editor extension]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Google.arb-editor
```

Author: That sounds much better, thanks!

### Placeholders, plurals, and selects

> {{site.alert.note}}

Reviewer 2: Let's make this alert a tip since. It better corresponds to what it is.

```suggestion
{{site.alert.tip}}
```

  When using VS Code, add the [arb-editor extension][].

>   This extension adds syntax hightlighting, snippets, diagnostics, and quick fixes.
>   to help edit `.arb` template files.

Reviewer 2: Fix the spelling of "highlighting", keep the line <= 80 chars, and remove accidental double period:

```suggestion
  This extension adds syntax highlighting, snippets, 
  diagnostics, and quick fixes to help edit `.arb` template files.
```
